So much to give

Deep in me i feeeeel a capacity to kisss - to lay quietly content radiating warmth and fullness - to stare in eyes and try not to weep from appreciation of the human i see - to touch their skin like im touching an egyptian pyramid in awe of the mysterious beauty of how complex and unrestrained in its detail

To entwine to learn every bit of information helpful to helping them thrive 

To believe to endure to give space to let the individual ripen to feel patience's beauty linked with a trust in our future and the intense feelings of bliss we grew together 

Sure im lover grrrl 
Dreaming away
In sublime gardens
Summery ideals
But these dreams are not the paper thin allusions of the subconscious 
They are the fruit of a forlorn sacrifice 
Strengthening my resolve
To find some one to pour into the ethereal the ephemeral the mortal eternal

I wander i lay
I ponder i nay
Like a horse rolling in hay
There's only the present

There's the understanding of the moment thru feeling intuition

Don't try to explain it 

Just be with it 

To explain all the fucked shit 

Chaos snuff film 

Fuck my life

Whimsy

Letters

Blessed to have a nice little dance Milley dance this morning

Feeling very grateful to dance with you this morning are you still out dancing? How is it?

Swiss arts books what do you think of that? How was your weekend? I like the oof idea kind of makes me think of us oof so many different ideas so many different emotions so many different dreams, fantasies terrors. I'm heading up to New Hampshire. Had a little idea of you coming with me us going skiing but obviously that is but a fantasy.

Hello, hope you made it home OK the other night and that you had a lot of fun. It was cool needing your girlfriend. I hope she didn't get too mad about the whole going to the green room thing. I wanna come up north to the old Upper West! sometime whereabouts are you exactly?

I hope you had all the fun. I am sad that we didn't get to meet up but seems like you did a lot of cool things. Hopefully we can have our New York City moments someday. In general, I wish we kept in l better touch. It was great to see you in Chicago. I hope that you know that, even though we didn't get to see each other that I care about you a lot and think about you often.

Sun jen

This is a letter it's about how I am very happy for you. Very excited about this new time in your life wondering if it is what you expected. I think a lot of people wanna send kind words obviously that is really the primary intent, but I think also an encouragement to be aware of the totality of experience you know, birth as the change of life processes beginning processes ending, so that's to say taking it all into effect and taking some time to understand how you might need to put some things down for a moment but then stay hopeful that soon again you can pick them up remembering this idea of patience that for someone who is really passionate about something about someone time is really not overly important as there's a grander vision that is resonating continuously so that's to say believe in all your dreams and believe in all the people that care for you and you care for Cuuuutie miliiii

3-14-26
Here I am again on a plane thinking of youuuu…

I like this idea of understanding the movements of each others brains…

How our brains flowww

Seeing the patterns in a non judgmental way if they are going to challenging places

Seeing how beautiful our brains can flow..

I want to really feel like i know miliiii's mind

And that I can support miliiiiis mind in a growing amount of ways…

- Like validating youuu in a way that really makes you feel seen
- Complementing youuu in ways that really increase your self esteem
- Planning activities that miliii mind will lovvvee
- Using my energy to help miliii mind when hers is a bit low…
    - Which makes me think of us just connecting and beeping more intimate…
    - It also brings up this idea of giving and taking…
- Learning more and more about what makes you happy
- Learning about your fantasies and developing them with your
- Improving our communication so we can really feel more heard and comfortable 

I like doing things for you and exploring that side of things - helping you pack for your move - dressing like a little snack and cleaning things for you…picking you up even if its really out of the wayyy…

It obviously connects with my mili related desires… which you are doing a really good job of fulfilling even tho youve been so busy and stressed..

Pretty distracted by youuu going out with the Italian tonight

Its definitely getting my mind racing…and turned on…

But I dont want to bug you to much about it…

Was thinking of all the humiliating things I could be writing about… wanting you to give me some tasks…
 
Like all the things mili is excited about doing things with him
How she's gonna want to take his dick all the time 
How's she's gonna want big dicks regularly 
How i'm so much more beta than him and to list the ways 

Any ways back  to being not soo horny 

I like that we share a passion for music and can inform each other 

I love that you are so connected to various types of dance music 

I wonder if you think similarly with my obsession with sad boi and girl music

I'm excited to keep working on tracks with youuu and being cuuute together in your creative studio room

I think working on our communication making music together is a really interesting challenge 

It's hard to always communicate what is working and what isn't 

There's the sensitivity that one person is making all the decisions and doesn't feel ownership of the track

There's discussing the effort it takes to get a really good work flow to be able to make tracks efficiently 

I'm still thinking about rilke a lot

How he talks about solitude and the need for that to love but i think it's also to create music and write and everything else

So finding ways to schedule - amplify- learn from solitude that we each experience

He also talks about lot about subtlety 
	
In each moment of the day - in nature - in our minds - in our body's sensations - he also talks a lot about sexuality and has some hot takes that I dont fully get…maybe its time to dive deeper

Here I am on a plane again hv thinking about youuuuu

I was crying before during the last  flight from miami when we had our first miami trip…

Now im sort of racing against time since the flight is shorter

Well lets get back to all those kisses I want to give youuuu..

Cause of your affection

That isn't even in the million kisses you give me

But your ability to really know how to make me feel like a snack…

And understand the movements of my brain…

And I want to do those things for you…

I think sometimes there's a challenge in affecting change in people…

I really wanna make you feel happy and supported…

Maybe more even just supported to a degree that you feel like a snack and feel settled…

Feel good and a have a lasting feeling of goodness..

The type of feeling that you can hold

That stays long enough for you to think about it

That gives you a sense of object permanence with it almost

Sort of like the magic string used to get out of the labyrinth after the minotaur has been slain

Aka 

To save his people from a gruesome tribute, the Athenian hero Theseus ventured into the Cretan Labyrinth to slay the half-man, half-bull Minotaur. He succeeded with the help of Princess Ariadne, who fell in love with him and provided a "clew" of thread to navigate the impossible maze. After defeating the beast in its heart, Theseus used the thread to retrace his steps back to the entrance, escaping with Ariadne and the other Athenian captives

That magic thread to me is something that can bring you back to yourself at your core 

And I wanna help you with that…

Support u in that process…

Of finding the one true Miliiii…

One million kisses later… 

Cindy my aunt

Oh no…so sad :/ I can't believe I was just walking around her beautiful house on a little prairie months ago. She was so close with her daughter too. She was living such a nice life and a real example of being authentic and honest in warm and funny way. I had so many nice experiences with her over the years. Such sad news.

Loved the connection she had with her daughter becky. It was so cute to see them all calling her grammy. Made me want to live a mid west life. Rooting for the cubs. Walking thru the prairies smelling the fresh air. Looking at the native flowers with their tiny pedals.

Thinking about how impactful of a person she was on each of the people she came in touch with. 

Fun smiling in your car picking me up putting in the effort. Glowing. Like but what if
I was to have a vision

What would be your ideal of us….

Yeeee who I have seen Saturday at like 2 am ish - aka bad boy entering the club time

Yee who recognized me for giving you shit about your debaucherousness and public habits

Only after calling me out for breaking Rave etiquette 

Yeee who is quite yeeee self and no one else

Clearly beloved

The nature of the demands others ask upon you are strange to meeee

Yee goated raver girl aka treasured queen of the dance floor

I wonder how your or our developments channel the same beauty as anything written in ulysses or portrait of an artist

Theres the poetry of the exactness of our condition 

The beauty of the hope of what I could per chance supply you 

The authenticity (which is just an all too evident lack of filter, a proneness to gush, a flustered inability to refrain from saying "like" or "you know" if you are me) of your demands leave …(me gushing)

End 12-28

For you i wait
