48 ideas mostly inspired at hypnotic spa at mansions 
3-24-26
updaaaates


12-24-23
Part 2
so it started as just like a todo
but then went into a more idea driven list
1. reminder to cancel - nu capitalist - cd subscription scheme
2. Idea of this 2 write(w) - hmmm - like to write as 2 speak - like when u think it has its own vibe but when u write u get the closest to that idea making process or at least try to tap into it like other mediums
3. Short hand - research - short hand writing as super helpful and worthy of being researched more
4. Symbols - emojis - etc - the use of symbols and emojis in shorthand language 
5. 4 insight - the general point of it for quickly transcribing insights
    1. how r u check in - Im sad yet fine yet inspired 2 do better yet not too focused - a new thing i'm doing
6. noise vs yer own freedom as other vs self - very stoic kinda blah but so helpful in that sense buuut hell scape we live in it ya know
7. thinking of the self or other in different ways
8. Self or Other, Self + Other , Other Self - different ways to think of the other self dichotomy but also introduce the other self…like who is this other self? How do you split yourself in two anyway?
9. Making - as impossible to not be self-centered making and it's narcissistic implications
10. - "This is 4 me" as advocated 4 yet narcissistic -the validity of this is for me creativity 
11. How own freedom tho? how do we focus on our own freedom?
12. writing as a stopping as a directing to a pause
13. moving towards the chillest situation 
14. tools 4 freedom
15. wisdom as something you can work on - make existing wisdom more present - believe in it more - have it seem more clear to be wisdom - as connected to that nu nu evolving set of core beliefs 
16. best best as like a felt thing - knowing exactly what you want or at least being able to place yourself in the context of best and worst in a given situation and possible outcomes
17. best best is not necessary to actually thrive - that is to say - starting small with positive habits can really bring you to a nu place of happiness
18. the world is challenging and often times dark working with in that while keeping an ethical model is super important but like often those that function the best as in most effective at bringing about positive change - are also the most brave - taking ethical risks - engaging with untrustworthy types and situations 
19. nu nu as the world / thought / culture constantly evolving and reshaping itself
20. luv weed but it's nice to get similar effects from less and less of it - economical and less taxing on the lungs if you're smoking it at least
21. you can be brave as a mantra - so basic buuuut - it's hard out here to put yourself out there and engage with people you really can't trust
22. equanimity as balance as an ability to take in painful situations without disrupting that balance - the ability to remain focused on what's most important - a feeling of freedom to develop positive qualities
23. Point 17 applied to the ideas of human history up till now delueze, neech, etc basically that they are not really perfect - needlessly metaphoric, aggressive and negating with giving much of an opinion on how to think or act, etc but that they are still nonetheless the best we got
24. Ambient music + darkness seem so connected but I wonder why that is…maybe its just our taste for it                    
25. Cliches can be so annoying but also really hit…why do they hit? Maybe its just the immediate dopamine response of getting close to what you are trying to get at emotionally…or just the challenge of getting any where with words to deal with emotions
26. Rudderlessness as fine…flopping about as chill …blah as whatever…summer as like the feeling of euphoria
27. Being a bro…unintentionally…just feeling like your interest in professional sports really influences who you are…or like that - you just are a bro - 
28. Useful info - like its great and all but its so boring and there's so much out there on the internet anyway.. I want like useful and sassy… sassy and fun with like barely any use is also good
29. Comfortable clothes seem to be an aspect that Gen Z has embraced … Im with it…
30. Parachute pants as in like what im wearing right now…pants that are super wide and blow in da wind often made of like an athelticy polyester or nylon type material
31. Maybe inspired by the tastefulness all of a sudden of parachute pants but also just the idea that we can really bring idiocy to the heights of taste..or taste to the depths of idiocy and that like it could bring about something positive
32. CHIIII Ken  Chi CKen Cha cha cha ka ka aka such lovely syllables
33. Ah yes writing since talking doesn't work or that all things external could bring pain or are unreliable - so just write write write write and maybe you will get somewhere great
34. Another world as in the written world or just like in your own head in a good way or even just checked into a reality that is super optimistic and focused the sliver of light on an otherwise gloomy day
35. [coding trope] = {kind of fun} => also like all tropes to support all the culture that relies upon said tropes since culture is the shit
36. Just trying to be risk averse all the time at all costs…as in maybe shutting up more or like not going out or not even being around the powerful
37. Ohhh being haunted by the past or the current trauma of existence, isn't it peachy? Expect it. Accept it. Try to overcome it. If that doesn't work… chocolate…and therapy and - anything else to some degree
38. Poopy pants capitalism, feudalism, tyrannic socialism etc…ouch thee pain
39. Short hand - sh - directing the brain - and staying with it I guess- directing the brain towards focus and awareness - utilizing short hand - for example - neg - yet - dez 2 reconcile rn bb
40. Things to atone: …Atonement the idea the movie brings…still gets me …kind like how requiem 4 a dream still disturbs me - but an example is math class like from grades 6 -12 - whoops should've tried harder…now is the time to refocus…may it bring gains?
41. What would a multitasking olympics look like? Hmmmm
42. Improb Naps posit ie my buddy at the coffee shop sitting in a chair napping on his knee - or my BB at Sustain Release right outside the rave…usually a sign of over partying but like an olympics when people aren't totally fucked from the night before would be pretty cool
43. Revise me Revise my ideas My everything If there's time to Revise why not… Stubborn impatience folx are no fun
44. Obtuse and Delueze make me drunk dumb like drinking too much chartreuse - why be so obtuse…like just let me know what youre thinking …add value the easiest way possible 
45. Longing to be swept away with beautiful descriptions and fun word play…maybe some strangely structured poems..the longing is there
46. B + W photos are like that Chris Isaacs song with the model - kind of dumb - overly dramatic but as we say with cliche…I don't know…I get it and I don't… I guess im poking fun at like the over drama but there's a lot of beauty in black and white photography and video…I guess I was also thinking about wings of desire by Wim Wenders which I like 
47. Wanting to make my 42 song 42 minute album like 210 minutes longer by adding 5 minutes of ambient music between each song
48. Adaptive Fashion is kind of like revising your look…adapt to like what the people want…give'm what they want… adapt to trends if there are aspects you like ..as in the comfort of parachute pants :)

10 ideas in Millerton ny 5-29-24 upstate

1. Papa...what...remains - as in of his essence - of his brain - of him physically - of what he is able to do
2. Papa...what...can be had -as in what can we accomplish as a father and son, what sorts of discussions, what sorts of activities 
3. Mama..what shall we...dream -as in what dreams can we accomplish together?
4. mama...how…shall we persist…as in how do we maximize the beauty of our relationship?
5. Myself…do i prefer wisely - as in am i using wisdom with that which i prefer
6. Preferences…what are there biases? - as in what biases inherited or environmental influence what we prefer that could be considered a bias
7. 10 x 10 - workflow idea - short 2 long - write the first iteration of the idea then the long - but like all the first then all the longer iterations- two workflows - two flow states
8. upstate, park slope, alt lives - i'm so in the moment I don't see anything else- i can't step back and imagine tho i am in other worlds - immersed - yet i'm still stuck in a Bushwick Basement - how can i truly imagine an alternative life?
9. Stoic: solidify - will - virtue - as in to say to be stoic we need to strengthen solidify our will and sense of virtue
10. movements: defence v discovery- as in we can focus on building up our defences or our ability to discover(others, ourselves, etc) but we sacrifice one for the other - what is one to do?
11. Gen Z meditation vs Productive - as in like when lying in bed and scrolling as a form of disconnecting from trauma vs laying in bed doing "productive" things as a way of disconnecting from other responsibilities that aren't as optimal in bed 
12. Use of Time: Re-Prioritize - think of time as worth waaaaaaay more than money - then ask what is the best thing if time has so much value and i prioritize things like money over it… knowing even deeply feral behavior might be less valuable than some of use of time
13. The why of you: invest 4 real forll - as in real investments in yourself…what does that looking like…but also connected to use of time —
14. M2B - a stoic pursuit of Happy - as in the best possible state to exist in - following a bit of that stoic guidance to focus on what concerns our own will-power or what is in our control
15. Wanting Wisely => Inclining Focusedly - as in wanting in a way that connects deeply to an ethos we have thought deeply about and believe in deeply and then inclining our desires to it with a continuous focus
16. the ease of the lean - as in a gentle yet persistent intent to focus on something ie M2B
17. Baby Goose amongst trash - as an amateur bird scientist I've noticed a lot of geese in these streets - eating street meat - hanging amongst the trash…it catches me off guard…its beautiful… it's the only way to really thrive…be the baby goose eating the trash in the street… 
18. Seeing Sunsets Sequentially - like when its nice out - just do it as much as possible - hot take - a sunset is more beautiful than a total lunar eclipse - its just common so people dont appreciate it
19. Pure Existence - another cringe - BHN - as in - just stop doing shit and just exist for a second - beautiful - but also like - "be here now" - its just another cringe cliche from the nu age mafia
20. -> Transcendance -> JUST STFU about it - adding to the last point - just give up entirely on the nu age speak - even stoic speak is a bit cringe…so what then? how do we talk about it?
21. obsess about the beauty (oatB) but also that thing - ie for me blender  a leetcode algo a turkish/spanish/french lesson a money ting a new skill lesson blah a go/ chess tactic a sourdough loaf in the process being baked a plant an anything 
22. write write write - fuck anything else - know one knows i'm at bossa writing this like a lil bish
23. no one knows - it's actually the vibe to b U - who is doing your weird lil activity in the spot where you should probably be doing something else if you want to seem normal
